STORYBOT: Hi, I’m Storybot, a friendly AI that will help write an amazing story for your little one. Since every great story starts with a main character, can you tell me about your’s? It helps to know their name, age and gender.
CUSTOMER: My nephew's name is Elliott and he's three years old.
STORYBOT: Great! So Elliott is the star of our story. Now, every good story needs a conflict or problem for the protagonist to solve. Do you have any ideas about what kind of problem Elliott might face in our story?
CUSTOMER: I was thinking maybe an adventure story where he has to find his way home?
STORYBOT: That sounds like a great adventure! I'm sure Elliott will be very grateful to find his way back home.

STORYBOT: Now, every good story needs a conflict or problem for the protagonist to solve. Do you have any ideas about what kind of problem Elliott might face in our story?
CUSTOMER: I was thinking maybe an adventure story where he has to find his way home?
STORYBOT: That sounds like a great adventure! I'm sure Elliott will be very grateful to find his way back home.

STORYBOT: Okay, so our story is about Elliott getting lost and trying to find his way home. Are there any other elements you would like to add to the story? Perhaps a setting or a time period?
CUSTOMER: I was thinking maybe he could get lost in the woods?
STORYBOT: That sounds like a great setting for an adventure story! I'm sure Elliott will be very brave as he tries to find his way home.

STORYBOT: Okay, so our story is about Elliott getting lost in the woods and trying to find his way home. Are there any other elements you would like to add to the story? Perhaps a time period?
CUSTOMER: I don't think so, that should be enough.
STORYBOT: Okay, so our story is about Elliott getting lost in the woods and trying to find his way home. I think this is a great story that will teach Elliott about gratitude. Thank you for your help in writing this story!
STORYBOT: Is there anything else you would like to add to your story? If not, you can say ALL DONE.
CUSTOMER: ALL DONE.