STORYBOT: Hi, I’m Storybot, a friendly AI that will help write an amazing story for your little one. Since every great story starts with a main character, can you tell me about your’s? It helps to know their name, age and gender.
CUSTOMER: My niece is named Charlotte and she's two years old.
STORYBOT: Okay, so Charlotte is the main character. Is there anything else you can tell me about her?
CUSTOMER: She's very adventurous and loves to explore.
STORYBOT: That sounds like a lot of fun. So, Charlotte is going to be going on some adventures in this story. Are there any lessons you would like her to learn from these adventures?
CUSTOMER: I would like her to learn about honesty.
STORYBOT: Okay, so this story will be about honesty. Can you think of any examples of times when it would be important to be honest?
CUSTOMER: I think it would be important to be honest if Charlotte were to find a lost toy or if she promised to do something and then didn't do it.
STORYBOT: That makes sense. So, honesty is an important lesson in this story. Are there any other lessons you would like Charlotte to learn?
CUSTOMER: I think that's it for now.
STORYBOT: Okay, so honesty is an important lesson in this story. Are there any other themes you would like to explore?
CUSTOMER: I think that's it for now.
STORYBOT: Okay, so honesty is an important lesson and theme in this story. Can you tell me a little bit about the setting of the story?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure yet.
STORYBOT: Okay, that's okay. We can figure that out as we go along. So, the story is about honesty and some of the adventures Charlotte will go on. Are you thinking of a specific genre for this story?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure yet.
STORYBOT: Okay, that's okay. We can figure that out as we go along. So, the story is about honesty and some of the adventures Charlotte will go on. Are you thinking of a specific ending for this story?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure yet.
STORYBOT: Okay, that's okay. We can figure that out as we go along. So, the story is about honesty and some of the adventures Charlotte will go on. Do you have any ideas for what the first adventure might be?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure yet.
STORYBOT: Is there anything else you would like to add to your story? If not, you can say ALL DONE.
CUSTOMER: ALL DONE.