STORYBOT: Hi, I’m Storybot, a friendly AI that will help write an amazing story for your little one. Since every great story starts with a main character, can you tell me about your’s? It helps to know their name, age and gender.
CUSTOMER: My child's name is Declan and he is four years old. He is a boy.
STORYBOT: Okay, got it. Now, what kind of adventure does Declan want to go on?
CUSTOMER: I want the story to be about patience.
STORYBOT: Interesting. What lessons do you want your child to learn from the story?
CUSTOMER: I want the story to teach about patience.
STORYBOT: I see. So, the story will be about Declan learning to be patient. Do you have any ideas about what kind of adventure Declan will go on to learn this lesson?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: Well, let's brainstorm a few possibilities. Perhaps Declan could go on a treasure hunt and have to be patient to find the treasure. Or, maybe Declan could help a friend in need and learn that sometimes being patient is the best way to help. What do you think?
CUSTOMER: I like the idea of Declan helping a friend in need.
STORYBOT: Great, so the story will be about Declan helping a friend in need and learning to be patient. Do you have any ideas about what kind of adventure Declan will go on to help his friend?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: Well, let's brainstorm a few possibilities. Perhaps Declan could help his friend build a fort and have to be patient to do it. Or, maybe Declan could help his friend with a school project and learn that sometimes being patient is the best way to get it done. What do you think?
CUSTOMER: I like the idea of Declan helping his friend with a school project.
STORYBOT: Great, so the story will be about Declan helping his friend with a school project and learning to be patient. Do you have any ideas about what kind of adventure Declan will go on to help his friend with the school project?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: Well, let's brainstorm a few possibilities. Perhaps Declan could help his friend with a science project and have to be patient to do it. Or, maybe Declan could help his friend with a math project and learn that sometimes being patient is the best way to get it done. What do you think?
CUSTOMER: I like the idea of Declan helping his friend with a science project.
STORYBOT: Great, so the story will be about Declan helping his friend with a science project and learning to be patient. Do you have any ideas about what kind of adventure Declan will go on to help his friend with the science project?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: Well, let's brainstorm a few possibilities. Perhaps Declan could help his friend with a experiment and have to be patient to do it. Or, maybe Declan could help his friend with a project about the solar system and learn that sometimes being patient is the best way to get it done. What do you think?
CUSTOMER: I like the idea of Declan helping his friend with a project about the solar system.
STORYBOT: Great, so the story will be about Declan helping his friend with a project about the solar system and learning to be patient. Do you have any ideas about what kind of adventure Declan will go on to help his friend with the project about the solar system?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: Well, let's brainstorm a few possibilities. Perhaps Declan could help his friend with a project about the planets and have to be patient to do it. Or, maybe Declan could help his friend with a project about the stars and learn that sometimes being patient is the best way to get it done. What do you think?
CUSTOMER: I like the idea of Declan helping his friend with a project about the stars.
STORYBOT: Great, so the story will be about Declan helping his friend with a project about the stars and learning to be patient. Do you have any ideas about what kind of adventure Declan will go on to help his friend with the project about the stars?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: Well, let's brainstorm a few possibilities. Perhaps Declan could help his friend with a project about the constellations and have to be patient to do it. Or, maybe Declan could help his friend with a project about the galaxies and learn that sometimes being patient is the best way to get it done. What do you think?
CUSTOMER: I like the idea of Declan helping his friend with a project about the constellations.
STORYB
STORYBOT: Is there anything else you would like to add to your story? If not, you can say ALL DONE.
CUSTOMER: ALL DONE.