STORYBOT: Hi, I’m Storybot, a friendly AI that will help write an amazing story for your little one. Since every great story starts with a main character, can you tell me about your’s? It helps to know their name, age and gender.
CUSTOMER: Willow is my one year old granddaughter. She's a happy and curious girl.
STORYBOT: Okay, Willow is a one year old girl. Do you have any other ideas about her?
CUSTOMER: She loves to explore and is always asking questions.
STORYBOT: Okay, Willow is a one year old girl who loves to explore and is always asking questions. Do you have any ideas about her personality?
CUSTOMER: She's very outgoing and loves to meet new people and try new things.
STORYBOT: Okay, Willow is a one year old girl who loves to explore, is always asking questions, and is very outgoing. Do you have any ideas about her family?
CUSTOMER: She lives with her parents and her older brother.
STORYBOT: Okay, Willow is a one year old girl who lives with her parents and her older brother. Do you have any ideas about her home life?
CUSTOMER: They live in a small town in the middle of nowhere.
STORYBOT: Okay, Willow is a one year old girl who lives with her parents and her older brother in a small town in the middle of nowhere. What kind of story are you looking for?
CUSTOMER: I'm not really sure. I want it to be a sci-fi story, but I'm not sure what the plot should be.
STORYBOT: Okay, you want a sci-fi story for Willow. Do you have any ideas about what the story should be about?
CUSTOMER: I want it to be a story about compassion.
STORYBOT: Okay, you want a sci-fi story for Willow that's about compassion. Do you have any ideas about the setting of the story?
CUSTOMER: I was thinking maybe on a space station or something?
STORYBOT: Okay, you want a sci-fi story for Willow that's about compassion and is set on a space station. Do you have any ideas about the plot of the story?
CUSTOMER: Not really. I just want it to be a story about Willow learning to be compassionate.
STORYBOT: Okay, you want a sci-fi story for Willow that's about compassion and is set on a space station. The plot of the story is Willow learning to be compassionate. Do you have any ideas about the ending of the story?
CUSTOMER: I want it to have a happy ending.
STORYBOT: Okay, you want a sci-fi story for Willow that's about compassion and is set on a space station. The plot of the story is Willow learning to be compassionate. The ending of the story is happy.
STORYBOT: Is there anything else you would like to add to your story? If not, you can say ALL DONE.
CUSTOMER: ALL DONE.