STORYBOT: Hi, I’m Storybot, a friendly AI that will help write an amazing story for your little one. Since every great story starts with a main character, can you tell me about your’s? It helps to know their name, age and gender.
CUSTOMER: Hi! The main character is my two year old niece, Emily.
STORYBOT: What a lovely name! So Emily is the protagonist of the story. And is there anything in particular you would like the story to be about?
CUSTOMER: I was thinking a fantasy story, but I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: A fantasy story sounds like a lot of fun! Are there any specific themes or lessons you would like the story to teach?
CUSTOMER: I would like the story to teach about perseverance.
STORYBOT: That's a great lesson for children! I'm sure Emily will love a story about perseverance. Do you have any ideas about what the story should be about?
CUSTOMER: Not really. I just know that I want it to be a fantasy story and teach about perseverance.
STORYBOT: Well, let me see if I can come up with something. I'll need you to tell me a little bit more about what you're looking for. For example, what kind of setting would you like the story to take place in?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure. Somewhere magical maybe?
STORYBOT: A magical setting sounds like a lot of fun! Do you want the story to be about Emily going on an adventure to find something? Or maybe she could be trying to save someone?
CUSTOMER: An adventure sounds fun!
STORYBOT: Great! So Emily will be going on an adventure to find something. Do you have any ideas about what she might be looking for?
CUSTOMER: No, not really.
STORYBOT: That's okay, we can come up with something together. Do you want the story to be lighthearted or serious?
CUSTOMER: Lighthearted.
STORYBOT: Okay, so the story will be lighthearted and about Emily going on an adventure to find something. Do you have any ideas about what the ending should be?
CUSTOMER: I want Emily to find what she's looking for and learn the lesson of perseverance.
STORYBOT: That sounds like a great ending! I'm sure Emily will love the story. Thank you for your help!
STORYBOT: Is there anything else you would like to add to your story? If not, you can say ALL DONE.
CUSTOMER: ALL DONE.