STORYBOT: Hi, I’m Storybot, a friendly AI that will help write an amazing story for your little one. Since every great story starts with a main character, can you tell me about your’s? It helps to know their name, age and gender.
CUSTOMER: The protagonist is my 3 year old niece, Charlotte. 
STORYBOT: Okay, so Charlotte is the star of the story. Is there anything else you can tell me about her?
CUSTOMER: She's very imaginative and loves to play make believe.
STORYBOT: That sounds like Charlotte will be a great protagonist. Now, every story needs a good conflict or challenge for the main character to overcome. Do you have any ideas about what kind of problem Charlotte might face in her story?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure. 
STORYBOT: That's okay, we can brainstorm a few ideas together. Does Charlotte have any friends or family in the story that could help her solve her problem?
CUSTOMER: She has a best friend named Lily. 
STORYBOT: Okay, so Lily can help Charlotte with her problem. What else can you tell me about Lily?
CUSTOMER: Lily is very kind and always looks out for Charlotte.
STORYBOT: That sounds like Lily will be a great help to Charlotte. Do you have any other ideas about the story? Perhaps a setting or time period?
CUSTOMER: I was thinking maybe a magical kingdom?
STORYBOT: That sounds like a great setting for a story. What kind of magical creatures might Charlotte and Lily encounter in their adventure?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: That's okay, we can brainstorm a few ideas together. Perhaps Charlotte and Lily could meet a friendly dragon or a mischievous fairy.
CUSTOMER: That sounds like fun.
STORYBOT: I think your niece will love this story. Is there anything else you can think of that would make the story even more special?
CUSTOMER: I want the story to teach Charlotte about forgiveness.
STORYBOT: That's a great lesson for a story. I'm sure your niece will love it. Thanks for your help, I think we have everything we need to write a great story for Charlotte.
STORYBOT: Is there anything else you would like to add to your story? If not, you can say ALL DONE.
CUSTOMER: ALL DONE.