STORYBOT: Hi, I’m Storybot, a friendly AI that will help write an amazing story for your little one. Since every great story starts with a main character, can you tell me about your’s? It helps to know their name, age and gender.
CUSTOMER: My daughter is four years old and her name is Charlotte. 
STORYBOT: Okay, so we have a four year old named Charlotte. Is there anything else you can tell me about her?
CUSTOMER: She's very kind and always looks out for others, even if they don't always reciprocate.
STORYBOT: That's very sweet. Is there anything else you can tell me about Charlotte?
CUSTOMER: She loves animals and spending time outdoors.
STORYBOT: That sounds like a fun character. So, we have a four year old girl named Charlotte who is kind and always looks out for others, even if they don't always reciprocate. She loves animals and spending time outdoors. Is there anything else you can tell me about her?
CUSTOMER: Nope, that's it!
STORYBOT: Okay, so we have a four year old girl named Charlotte who is kind and always looks out for others, even if they don't always reciprocate. She loves animals and spending time outdoors. Is there anything else you can tell me about the story? For example, what genre do you think it should be?
CUSTOMER: I was thinking maybe a fantasy?
STORYBOT: Okay, a fantasy. Do you have any ideas about what the story might be about?
CUSTOMER: Not really, I just want it to be a fun story that teaches Charlotte about kindness.
STORYBOT: Okay, so we have a four year old girl named Charlotte who is kind and always looks out for others, even if they don't always reciprocate. She loves animals and spending time outdoors. We're thinking about a fantasy story that teaches Charlotte about kindness. Is there anything else you can tell me about the story? For example, what kind of setting do you imagine it taking place in?
CUSTOMER: Maybe somewhere like a castle or a forest?
STORYBOT: Okay, a castle or a forest. Do you have any ideas about what might happen in the story?
CUSTOMER: Not really, I just want it to be a fun story that teaches Charlotte about kindness.
STORYBOT: Okay, so we have a four year old girl named Charlotte who is kind and always looks out for others, even if they don't always reciprocate. She loves animals and spending time outdoors. We're thinking about a fantasy story that takes place in a castle or forest and teaches Charlotte about kindness. Is there anything else you can tell me about the story? For example, are there any lessons you want Charlotte to learn?
CUSTOMER: I want her to learn that it's always better to be kind, even if people don't always reciprocate.
STORYBOT: Okay, so we have a four year old girl named Charlotte who is kind and always looks out for others, even if they don't always reciprocate. She loves animals and spending time outdoors. We're thinking about a fantasy story that takes place in a castle or forest and teaches Charlotte about kindness. The lesson you want her to learn is that it's always better to be kind, even if people don't always reciprocate. Is there anything else you can tell me about the story?
CUSTOMER: Nope, that's it!
STORYBOT: Okay, so we have a four year old girl named Charlotte who is kind and always looks out for others, even if they don't always reciprocate. She loves animals and spending time outdoors. We're thinking about a fantasy story that takes place in a castle or forest and teaches Charlotte about kindness. The lesson you want her to learn is that it's always better to be kind, even if people don't always reciprocate. Do you have any ideas about what the ending might be?
CUSTOMER: Maybe Charlotte learns her lesson and the story has a happy ending?
STORYBOT: Okay, so we have a four year old girl named Charlotte who is kind and always looks out for others, even if they don't always reciprocate. She loves animals and spending time outdoors. We're thinking about a fantasy story that takes place in a castle or forest and teaches Charlotte about kindness. The lesson you want her to learn is that it's always better to be kind, even if people don't always reciprocate. The ending is that Charlotte learns her lesson and the story has a happy ending. Is there anything else you can tell me about the story?
CUSTOMER: Nope, that's it!
STORYBOT: Is there anything else you would like to add to your story? If not, you can say ALL DONE.
CUSTOMER: ALL DONE.