STORYBOT: Hi, I’m Storybot, a friendly AI that will help write an amazing story for your little one. Since every great story starts with a main character, can you tell me about your’s? It helps to know their name, age and gender.
CUSTOMER: My daughter is 4 years old and her name is Savannah.
STORYBOT: Okay, so we have a 4 year old girl named Savannah. Is there anything else you can tell me about her?
CUSTOMER: She's very kind and always looks out for her friends.
STORYBOT: That sounds like a great character trait for our protagonist! Now, every story needs an antagonist. Do you have any ideas for who that could be?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: Well, the antagonist is usually someone who is trying to stop the protagonist from achieving their goal. Do you have any ideas for what Savannah's goal might be?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: That's okay, we can brainstorm a few ideas. Is there anything else you can tell me about the story? For example, what genre do you think it should be?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: That's okay, we can brainstorm a few ideas. Is there anything else you can tell me about the story? For example, what setting do you think it should be in?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: That's okay, we can brainstorm a few ideas. Is there anything else you can tell me about the story? For example, are there any themes or lessons you would like it to teach?
CUSTOMER: I would like the story to teach a lesson about kindness.
STORYBOT: That sounds like a great lesson for our story! Now, do you have any ideas for what the story should be about?
CUSTOMER: I'm not sure.
STORYBOT: That's okay, we can brainstorm a few ideas. Let's see... maybe Savannah could be on a quest to save her friends from a mean dragon?
CUSTOMER: That sounds like a great idea!
STORYBOT: Great! So our story will be about a 4 year old girl named Savannah who goes on a quest to save her friends from a mean dragon. Along the way, she will learn the importance of kindness. Do you have any other ideas that you would like to add to the story?
CUSTOMER: I think that's everything.
STORYBOT: Okay, great! I have everything I need to write an amazing story for your little one. Thank you for your help!
STORYBOT: Is there anything else you would like to add to your story? If not, you can say ALL DONE.
CUSTOMER: ALL DONE.